British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 5: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction.
Lesson 2: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a vocabulary task about nuance.
Today you will practise language connected to nuance.
Target language: complex discourse markers.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for leadership, policy and complex interaction. You will learn useful language connected to nuance and practise complex discourse markers. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.